IfcMechanicalFastener Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T07:45:27.4452357Z (#189)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/i/IsCWRJoint_2aTez2BlX6R85Py6sJk$MW/Documentation.md

> Indicates if the rail joint is associated to continuous welded rail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates if the rail joint is associated to a continuous welded rail.
```

> Indicate if the rail joint is associated to Continuous Welded Rail or not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Indicates if the rail joint is associated to continuous welded rail.
```
